Add draft of new browser-based exercise (#11)
trussworks/truss-interview: README.md

## Introduction and expectations

> Hi there! Please *choose one** of the problems described below. Solve to the best of

Reviewer: I think this has an extra * in it so it's ending up as: *choose one**

> Hi there! Please *choose one** of the problems described below. Solve to the best of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi there! Please choose *one* of the problems described below. Solve to the best of
```

challenging; we'd like a submission within a week and if you need more
time please let us know.

### How to submit your response

> Please submit your solution by emailing a link to [hiring@truss.works](mailto:hiring@truss.works).  More details on what we are looking for are in the linked files below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit your solution by emailing a link to [hiring@truss.works](mailto:hiring@truss.works).  More details on what we are looking for are in the problem READMEs linked below.
```

## Choose one problem to work on

> A README for each is linked below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A README with specific instructions for each problem is linked below.
```

./normalizer < sample.csv > output.csv
```

### The problem: [Display data from an API for human consumption](BROWSER_README.md)

> Please write a static webpage that loads data from `https://swapi.dev/api/planets/` and displays that data in an HTML `table`. Name the entrypoint for your application `index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please write a static webpage that loads data from a specified public API, and formats & displays that data in HTML. You may use libraries, frameworks and/or build tools as long as clear, simple instructions are provided for how to run them. Please ensure your solution can be easily viewed in the browser.
```

Reviewer: my suggestion here is to make these descriptions a little more generalized, so that if we end up altering them in the problem READMEs we don't have to worry as much about keeping them consistent here. Also from the perspective of a candidate reading this for the first time, the specificity felt a little bit strange.
